# 4ULN
## CSC207 Project Repo

### Week 3 Group README

#### Problem Domain & Description of Application
Our team is considering developing a text-based, UofT themed (Life at UofT) adventure game where the users survive as a University of Toronto student. 
With a graphical user interface (GUI), it will provide an immersive and interactive experience for the players.
This game will feature narratives with some illustrations to enrich the storytelling, and it will require
players to make choices (user input: click on possible options) that impact the course of the story.
We will leverage a language generation API to implement the core algorithms and generate dynamic narratives
within the text-based adventure game. It will help generate text responses based on player choices, manage
dialogues, and adapt the narrative to the player's decisions.

The narrative will be generated by chaining many distinct events. 
An event will be displayed on the user-interface screen as text along with options to choose from like a multiple choice 
question. Sometimes there will be images shown for a visual understanding of the events. 
The event that is displayed is decided or produced randomly in English by the ChatGPT API we will utilize for our project. 
The player will interact by clicking on one of the options that are available buttons or possibly labels. 
The player's decision for each event will affect the next event creating a long plot of stories.

The game will contain a collection of items called Properties. These items are designed to help or prank the player during the game. 
While using the ChatGPT API to generate events, we will command it to choose items among Properties when including different objects in the storyline.

The game is played until the player dies (specific conditions written below).

The player will have the attributes ID, password, and highscore.
The player first has to sign up to play a game with a unique ID and a password.
The highscore will be 0 until the player finishes the first game and is updated with the first game's score. 
With more games played, it will only update its score when the most recent score is higher than the saved value of highscore.

Each unique player will be stored by writing on/updating a textfile named Accounts once the sign-up is complete. 
Accounts will be within the main project file.

The player will choose what type of student to play the game with.
The student will have the attributes health, stress, TBucks, capability, and bag.
There will be many types of students to choose from and each will have different health, stress, TBucks, and capabilities.

The player has to have more than one of health and less than three stress to keep itself alive.
The player can spend TBucks to buy items that help with surviving in the game or can earn TBucks in different events.
The items the player receives or buys will be stored in the student's bag. When the item is lost or used, it will be removed from the bag. 

A private archive of events the choices made for each event will exist. 
The archive will be accessed for an evaluation of the total score of the game after it is finished. 
All the data stored in archive is deleted immediately after the score is calculated.
The score will be shown to the player after the game has ended.

In addition to the details of the core gameplay, we hope the application could include other various features to enhance the user experience and engagement. 
These features include but aren't limited to the ability to play with a friend, support for multiple languages (with a default option in English), 
a ranking system or a game token might be given to players to assess their progress in the game. 
SurviveUofT will create an engaging text-based adventure by offering a captivating narrative. 
When we know the preceding goal is satisfied, we will aim to work to connect with and satisfy all players so that they can experiment with multiple features that will enrich the game experience even more.

#### Link to Documentation of GPT 3.5 API
[Link to Documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-3-5)

- [ ] a screenshot of using a tool to try out the API -- Jason/Minseok
- [ ] example output of running your Java code (see below). -- Jason/Minseok
- [ ] a list of any technical problems blocking progress (if any) -- All
